connect_with_proxy (#127)
Lonami/grammers: lib/grammers-mtsender/DEPS.md

## toml

Used to test that this file lists all dependencies from `Cargo.toml`.

> ## tokio-socks
> 
> Socks5 proxy support.
> 
> ## url
> 
> Parse proxy url.
> 
> ## trust-dns-resolver
> 
> Lookup ip if proxy host is a domain.
> 
> ## rand
> 
> Random choose ip from domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## url

Used to parse the optional proxy URL.

## trust-dns-resolver

Used to look up the IP address of the proxy host if a domain is provided.

## tokio-socks

SOCKS5 proxy support.

## rand

Used to choose one of the many IP addresses of the proxy's domain.
```
